Fix always use logits in calibrated classifier cv (#34313)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/sklearn.calibration/34313.fix.rst

- Fixed :class:`calibration.CalibratedClassifierCV` with ``method="sigmoid"`` or
  ``method="isotonic"`` to convert :term:`predict_proba` outputs to logits
  before calibration instead of passing probabilities directly to the
  calibrator. For ``method="temperature"``, :term:`predict_proba` outputs are
  converted to multinomial logits. Estimators that only expose

>   :term:`decision_function` are unaffected.

Author: We should rephrase this to also make it explicit that calibration uses `predict_proba` as inputs for estimators that implement both `predict_proba` and `decision_function`. Previously, it would always use `decision_function` in that case.

- :class:`calibration.CalibratedClassifierCV` with ``method="sigmoid"`` now

>   converts :term:`predict_proba` outputs to Bernoulli logits before calibration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  converts :term:`predict_proba` outputs to logits (`log(p/(1-p))`) before calibration
```

  instead of passing probabilities directly to the calibrator. For
  ``method="temperature"``, :term:`predict_proba` outputs are converted to
  multinomial logits. For ``method="isotonic"``, probabilities are kept on the

>   probability scale. Estimators that only expose :term:`decision_function` are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  multinomial logits. Estimators that only expose :term:`decision_function` are
```
We don't change anything for isotonic, do we?

Reviewer 2: For the "conversion to logits:" part no, but the preferred response method is now predict_proba instead of decision_function in main.
